[Music]
what type of guy are you
personality test some people think it's
our choices that define us while others
believe we define our choices deep I
know
but whatever the case may be your
personal preferences and reactions to
different life situations can pretty
much tell you what type of guy you are
so take this fun test to find out you've
got ten questions to answer and only ten
seconds to choose the option that suits
you the most don't overthink it and just
go with your gut one pick a style that
fits you most hey I'm all about the
denim be a suit of course what else
makes a man a man see I like to
experiment with shapes and colors pink
shorts bring it on
d awesome band tees and any bottoms will
do just fine
[Music]
if you picked option a go ahead and add
ten points to your tally
if you chose option B that'll be 40
points option C gives you 30 and D is
worth 20 to describe your perfect
weekend a going to some motivational or
business development seminar I can never
get enough personal growth be outdoor
fun with a gang cabin by the lake a game
of baseball you name it I'm in C I
prefer to spend quiet weekends with my
special someone D the crazier the better
I like to try new things no matter how
risky they might be
[Music]
option a gives you 40 points at 20
points if you chose B C is a 30 and D is
worth 10 points 3 what are you best at
hey I'm a fun guy and my friends love me
for my sense of humor B if it's physical
and competitive I'm game
I dominate at pretty much any sport
see I'm a career oriented person and I'd
say I excel at anything I do D I'm a
great friend you can always depend on
[Music]
in case you picked option a give
yourself 10 points V adds 20 points to
your score C is worth 30 and D is a 30
point option for if you had to eat one
type of food for the rest of your life
what would it be a steak steak and more
steak be anything that goes well with
coffee C I'd go with a vegetable platter
to keep things as diverse and healthy as
possible d I'd try a new traditional
dish from each country in the world
every single day I know that's kind of
cheating but I can't stick to just one
thing
steak lovers give this video a thumbs up
and award yourself with 20 points those
who went for option B you just got
yourself 40 points C will give you 30
points and option D is a 10-5 which
movie character would you want to be
like most of all a the wolf of Wall
Street be the Hulk see Forrest Gump D
spider-man
[Music]
option a grant you another whopping 40
points B is worth 20 C will give you 30
points and a D is another 10 points 6
what's your dream job a something like a
scientist or researcher I want to make
some revolutionary discovery and help
humanity be our work isn't really my
thing
but I guess I would in mind being a
fitness model and getting photographed
every now and then see I want any job
that'll make me rich money is what makes
the world go round after all D I'm
pretty much happy with what I'm doing
right now
[Music]
it's your pencil ready because choosing
a will add 30 points to your total B is
worth 20 C will give you 40 and D is
worth 10 points 8 what are you looking
for in a girl you know the one you're
trying to impress in that previous
question a she just needs to be kind and
caring that's all
be a hot body what else really matters
see she's got to be outgoing so that we
can do crazy stuff together D I'm
looking for a girl who's self-sufficient
makes good money and knows a thing or
two about business
[Music]
you
option a gives you 30 points add 20
points for B C is worth 10 and go ahead
and add 40 points to your total if you
chose option D 9 what would you never do
even for a million dollars a cheat on my
partner or spouse B shave off all my
hair and get a tattoo of a flower on my
scalp C live in the woods with no
internet access or other people around D
I would actually do anything for a
million bucks
[Music]
for a you get 30 points B gets you 20
points C is 40 and D will be 10
ten what quote would you pick for your
bumper sticker a it happens be life is a
beautiful ride see work hard play harder
D bumper stickers no thanks
if option a sounds like a way to go give
yourself 10 points if B is your choice
you just scored 30 points in case you
went with C it's worth 40 points finally
D is a 20 it's finally time to find out
what type of guy you are if you scored
from 100 to 170 points congratulations
you're a troublemaker you're super
active and can't live without new
exciting adventures sometimes they lead
you right into trouble and but you seem
okay with it as long as you get that
adrenaline rush and make some good
memories
Yolo could be your motto if it isn't
already keep up that approach but
remember that it's totally ok to slow
down sometimes and say no to things you
feel uncomfortable with did you end up
getting 180 to 250 points well then you
can proudly call yourself a hunk you pay
a lot of attention to your body and you
work hard to keep it looking perfect and
the ladies definitely appreciate it they
admired you for your good looks you're
great at sports and enjoy spending time
with your Bros I mean you're doing great
just the way you are but maybe you could
try showing your soft side too I'm sure
you're more than just a handsome face
and Rocking by if you scored 260 to 330
points you're a sweet and caring
treasure if you've already found that
special someone they must get all the
love and care in the world and if you're
still looking for your other half you're
doing it right because it has to be a
once-in-a-lifetime choice you embrace
the people around you with open arms and
a warm heart what more could your
friends and family ask for finally if
you scored 330 to 400 points you're one
of those big wheels you're 100 percent
career and success oriented you've got
what it takes to make it to the top and
you're ready to give it all to get there
keep up the hard work and dedication but
remember it's okay to let loose
give yourself a much-deserved break once
in a while you're only human after all
so what type of guy are you tell us in
the comments below don't forget to give
us a like and click that subscribe
button to stay on the bright side of
life
you